Intelshot
=========

Making intel screenshot more awesome.

Setup
-----
You need the following software installed on some sort of linux box:
* firefox
* sqlite3
* phantomjs

Then do the following:
* Point firefox to http://ingress.com/intel and log in.
* Find your firefox profile (probably in `~/.mozilla/firefox/`) and
  get the name of your profile, probably a jumble of characters and then
  `.default`.
* Run `phantomjs screenshot.js -g` to generate an example configuration file
* Open `demo.json` and input your firefox profile under `ff_profile`.
* Edit `ff_dir`, at the bottom, to be your firefox directory if it's somewhere
  other than indicated.  The directory given in `ff_dir` should directly contain
  your `ff_profile` folder, and the path should end in a slash. Environment
  variables are weird (see the source for more details) in child processes, so
  only tildes at the start of the line will be expanded to $HOME. Which is
  probably fine. If you for some reason need them expanded elsewhere, though,
  you'll have to write it out.
* If your internet is weird or you want a very large view and the intel page
  takes more than 45 seconds to load, edit `load_delay`.
* Change `lat`, `lng`, and `zoom` to whatever you feel like.  Latitude and
  longitude have six digits after the decimal in autogenerated cookies; I don't
  know what would happen if a different precision was supplied.
* Change `width` and `height` to whatever you want.  At the moment this includes
  the agent name at the top of the screen and the comm window at the bottom;
  these will be automatically cropped off in the future.  For now do it
  separately.
* Edit `timing` to contain your desired timing.  Follow the format of the file.
  The `secs` field is the number of seconds between screenshots.  This cannot be
  less than or equal to `load_delay`, and things might go wonky if it's not at
  least five or ten seconds larger to account for possible page-load
  bizarreness.  Feel free to add more points at which the timing changes;
  theoretically, the RAM's the limit. The "end" timing will *not* have an
  associated screenshot, so don't expect it to.
* Create as many json configurations as you want, as long as they're the same
  format as the provided demo.  As long as you have RAM and bandwidth, you can
  run as many in parallel as you like. Don't get yourself banned for
  abusing the intel page, though.

Finally, to run it, just do `phantomjs screenshot.js -c demo.json`, or whatever
you named your json file. Enjoy your screenshots!

If you only want a single screenshot to check your setup or whatever add `-f`.

Coming Soon
-----------
* Multiple views in one configuration file
* Output directory per view
* Image cropping

